Add max. budget to readme and move ink! v6/RISC-V statement from "recommendations" to "requirements" (#50)
use-inkubator/Ecosystem-Grants: README.md

- You can demonstrate that the project will be **maintained** after completion of the grant, if applicable.
- Your team has **proven experience** with relevant languages, technologies, and/or a strong technical background. GitHub profiles of team members should be included in your application.
- Your application is **rich in technical details** and well-defined.

Additionally, all projects must fulfill the following requirements:

> - Your project uses the RISC-V compatible version of the ink! language, [v6.X releases](https://use.ink/6.x/). The current cohort is focused on funding developments willing to push the ecosystem forward by leveraging ink!'s stack in its most ecosystem-aligned version.

Reviewer: That page says 

> We plan to release ink! 6.0.0-alpha in February and will update this section with testnet information then.

Might be time for an update. @cmichi?

Author: @cmichi I've created an ink-docs PR to update release target to March https://github.com/use-ink/ink-docs/pull/360

### Benefits

> - Up to $50,000 in funding per team/project

Reviewer 2: Maybe saying per application could be more accurate ?

Reviewer: agreed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Up to $50,000 in funding per application
```
